            Unbreakable Confidence Ebook
            ============================
            
- Accept that pain is a necessary evil of development. Understand that not only
  happiness makes us feel alive, so does pain.

- Becareful, honesty is a dangerous weapon and you should be cautious when you
  use it.

- If you feel in balance and harmony with yourself and your actions, your
  family's, society's or friend's expectations won't matter. You have to be on
  the path you consider right and suitable for you. You have to walk your way,
  not your mom's or your boss's - yours.

- Don't compare yourself with other people, if someone is better than you then
  acknowledge it and use that situation to your advantage by trying to learn or
  improve yourself by interacting with that person and not considering him as 
  only a source of competition

- It is a proven fact that negative opinions get stuck in our minds deeper and
  longer than positive things. It is human nature. It happens to everybody, not
  just with those who have issues with their self confidence.

- Don't try to fulfill others expectations. The only person's requirements you
  can fully satisfy are YOURS.

- What imprisons people gets them stuck and leaves them without self confidence
  is the fear they feel when they think about what others might think of them. I
  know I touched on this topic in my previous chapters, but I believe it is
  critical to treat this one fear separately because it is a big wall that
  separates people from a carefree life.

- You have to accept the unalterable truth - you will NEVER be good for
  EVERYBODY. So if an adverse opinion or judgement hits you on the bumpy road to
  building your self-confidence, what's your task? Evaluate. Accept that
  judgement is inevitable, don't try to fight it, it will come. Think it over
  and turn it around based on your self-esteem.

- The more times you engage yourself in a challenge, the more times you will be
  successful. And the greater the stakes are, the better your self-appreciation.

- Accept that failure is a natural even in our lives. We face challenges along
  our bumpy road; sometimes we succeed, sometimes we fail The race is long, and
  we race only with ourselves. We are human; duality is part of being human.
  Yes, no, up, down, succeed, fail...experience, learn, grow. Don't hesitate too
  much, and don't get stuck in a place for too long either because of a
  victorious success or an instructive failure.

- True heroes are not perfect, untouchable, or invincible. Real heroes are those
  who fail, but they get up, admit their mistakes, learn from them, and never
  give up.

- Don't let them influence you! Consider who is saying all this and realize that
  this person is probably not someone you look upto. Leave the negative people
  behind, if they aren't carried away in a positive way by your new attitude, it
  means you have nothing left in common with them. These people will never build
  you up and they might erode your choice to be positive. You don't need them.
  Replace a negative habit with a positive one if you want to speak about your
  life with someone, do it with a person who shares your mindset. Tell them your
  joy, your expectations, your progress, and let them fill your heart with their
  own positivity.

- Now is the right time to make a change. Not tomorrow, not Monday, not next
  month...if you want something badly do not hesitate. Want to start a diet?
  Start it now. Do you want to stop smoking? Put down that cigarette in your
  hand. Time wasting kills action. Did you decide to be more self confident?
  Start practicing now!


